# expert-barnacle
Git Repo for CS 210

The Corner Grocer project involves the building of a program that analyzes records produced by the sales of products throughout the day at the Corner Grocer. In the scenario given the store is interested in rearranging their produce section and need to know how often items are purchased in order to create an effective store layout. The project involves the combination of C++ and Python. I feel that in this project what I did well involved making a clear separation of responsibility of the two programming languages, where C++ manages the user interaction of the app and Python processes the data from the store. 

Some of the changes that could be made to the app involves the scalability of the application. For instance, if the store wanted to be able to expand to more than just their produce section, I would implement processes in order to separate the data into different departments such as dry goods, dairy products, etc. I would also potentially introduce functions that allow the storage of each daily report over time that would then be able to be broken down into additional reports across various sections of the store.One of the sections I struggled with was making sure that I was making sure that once the data files would be read, the data would be accurately set into place in order to be rewritten. At first this was more a matter of double checking my variables, but it reminded me of how to handle the perceived intangibleness of data.

The main skill I'm glad that I'll be able to utilize in other projects is the combination of Python and C++, which I would love to try out more projects in. As someone who is relatively new to C++ and Python, I think going to this degree of working with it so quickly has provided me with a healthy jumpstart with both languages. Throughout the development of the app, I did my best to make pretty clear separations between functions, declarations, and processes going on within the code. I wanted to leave enough spacing specifically for the possibility of future development, and I laid pretty clear variables and function names in order to foster clarity.